coming up on really big things nobody
does big like Dubai it's home to the
world's tallest hotel largest mall
largest man-made port and they're about
to add one more to the list say hello to
the burj dubai he still has a little
over one third to go you think you've
seen the tallest building in the world
think again because no TV show has ever
been allowed inside until now so we're
stopping at 134 yeah climb up it's a
good thing that I'm not afraid of
heights
located in the united arab emirates
dubai sits on the persian gulf and
within the Arabian desert but because of
their booming revenues from their free
trade zones the 240 thousand barrels of
oil they produce a day and they're
thriving tourism dubai has rapidly
become a hotspot for billionaires
celebrities and contractors look at that
it's like one in every three cars is a
bus filled with hard-working men coming
home from a long day's work that's
because over 90 billion dollars worth of
construction is being done right now in
the city of Dubai in fact temporary
workers outnumber permanent residents
eight to one everywhere you look
construction is popping out of the
ground like wildflowers and they're
building unique one-of-a-kind buildings
like I've never seen before in fact this
is the place right all the most creative
architects come to just pour their ideas
and have fun it's like a playground for
the smartest Architects in the world and
besides these buildings being one of a
kind they're also really really big that
building behind me supersedes anything
that's going on right now it's all the
Burj Dubai and it's already twice as big
as anything else in the city of Dubai
that's not even done yet that bad boy is
done it's going to be over a half a mile
tall it's basically like taking to
Empire State buildings and stacking them
on top of each other in fact it's going
to break every height record in all
categories for any building or structure
and until now only workers and
contractors have set foot inside the
burj dubai in this exclusive look really
big things is going to show you
something most people will never see the
view from the top
from here a better looks a lot farther
away this is gonna be awesome let's go
check this thing out how are you doing
sir hey good you must be Greg right yep
and you're the project manager of this
place oh yeah yeah so right now looking
at it how tall is it currently and how
far along have we gotten and how much
more do we have to go well we're we're
going to be more than 700 meters more
than 160 stories today we're about four
hundred ninety meters so it's sort of
long way to go so you're looking at that
thing and he still has about a little
over one third to go that could
hopefully give you an idea of how
actually tall this thing is gonna be
when it's finished oh my gosh I can
definitely say I have never been this
high before in my life you get nervous
coming up here
they come up to spend every day or the
TT ways up Ryan I mean over stoppin
normal if I'm just letting down we're
gonna hop out so we're stopping at 134
yeah I apply my company gotta climb to
all right here we go
let's climb up to the top so wrong
scaffolding right all right yep to reach
the top floor we have to climb up wooden
scaffolding that hangs from the side of
the building which is supported by these
poles this hydraulic lifts and these
large bolts that connect the hydraulic
machine to the side of the building but
the concrete they're connected to is
only a week old remember we're suspended
over a hundred and thirty stories off
the ground and literally hanging from
the edge of the building
you're afraid of heights don't come here
don't look down man what
whoo this is it baby a hundred and
thirty seven stories in the air besides
workers I am the only person to be on
top of Burj Dubai this high to date look
at that remarkable the only thing more
remarkable than the view is the amount
of work going on here the entire floor
is covered with workers this floor is
scheduled to be cemented at nightfall
watching them work I couldn't help but
wonder how they handle this heat and how
they could build such a big building
with such small tools when the burj
dubai is completed will have cost over
20 billion u.s. dollars that's because
they're not just building a hundred and
seventy-five room armani hotel 144
luxury residential suites 800 apartments
for swimming pools a ballroom and the
world's highest public observation deck
what I mean is there not just building
the world's largest tower they're
building an entire downtown that
includes the world's largest shopping
mall thirty thousand homes 19
residential towers and a 30-acre dubai
lake and of course at the center of it
all the stunning burj dubai
you know I can't lie and feels really
good to have even that much of a part in
building the largest man-made structure
on the planet you know for thousands of
years because of something called the
pyramids the Middle East had the largest
man-made structure and about 700 years
ago somebody built a Cathedral in
England and since then well they've been
coming up a little short but not anymore
you